What is Anti-NSFW?
Anti-NSFW is a Discord bot that was created since 2020 and their main goal is to combat sensitive contents and creating a safe environment for the guild.

Can the bot block flashing images or just NSFW content in general?
For now, the bot is only detecting NSFW content in general, such as nudity. We'll be planning to expand our moderation to gore, and more in the future.

How do I verify?
With /verify command.

I set up the bot and it's not deleting NSFW content
This could happen due to either false positive or misconfigration. Try to adjust the bot sensitivity by using /settings probability command. Also, try to use /settings watch to make sure the bot is watching the text channel. Also, don't forget to check if the bot is actually has permissions to delete the messages in a text channel.

What is preview mode?
Preview mode, as the name intended, is to check if the bot is working as expected without deleting anything but sending you an output of bot accuracy.

How do I do the captcha?
After running /verify command, you'll be explicitly asked to input the CAPTCHAs by clicking the button below the CAPTCHAs embed.

Do I have to add every text channels?
You only need to watch text channels when it's needed.

What is NSFWJS?
NSFWJS is a content moderation machine learning model created by Infinite Red. It is slow, but far more accurate.

What's the different between NSFWJS and Smith Morra?
NSFWJS is a content moderation machine learning model created by Infinite Red. Meanwhile, Smith Morra is a new content moderation machine learning model created by Blob Project.

What model should I use?
You can use NSFWJS if you are aiming accuracy, and you can use Smith Morra if you are aiming fast checking.

Is the bot supports GIF or video checking?
Yes. It is a part of our premium plan. You can purchase it through our official store, https://blobproj.sellix.io.

How do I enable GIF or video checking?
By using /features toggle and choose **Video Moderation**. If you want to enable specific animated content type, you can try using /features video toggle

Where I could purchase premium plan?
Through our official store, https://blobproj.sellix.io.

What is Blob Project?
Blob Project is a small organization partly creating YouTube contents and managing few projects such as Anti-NSFW.

Is Anti-NSFW open source?
No.

Is Anti-NSFW safe to use?
Yes.

Where I can report the image?
If the content is not accurate, according to our bot, you can report it through our command "/settings analyze" and submit them by clicking "Is it inaccurate?" button.

Do you have Discord server?
Yes, feel free to visit our Discord server, https://discord.blob-project.com